added initial explanation of c9 security groups (#1)
gwAdvNet20/gwAdvNet20.github.io: c9.md

To open ports, we need to adjust the Security Group settings for the EC2 VM running Cloud 9.

We have provided several scripts that make controlling the security properties of your cloud9 instance easy. They can be found on github in the following [repo](https://github.com/gwAdvNet20/gw-adv-net-tools/tree/master/aws/security_groups). 

In order to complete many of the course assignments you will need to attach a security group to your instances and then add corresponding rules to open up the necessary ports. This can be done by using the following process:

1. The first thing you need to do is clone the scripts repo to your instance:

```
git clone git@github.com:gwAdvNet20/gw-adv-net-tools.git
```

> 2. Once you have the scripts repo you nex have to create a security group. Security groups are used by amazon to add firewall rules to your instance and control what traffic can access your instance. We provide a script [create_public_access_group.sh](https://github.com/gwAdvNet20/gw-adv-net-tools/blob/master/aws/security_groups/create_public_access_group.sh), that will create a security group named `add-public-access` , attach it to your instance and then add a rule to allow pings to reach your instance. You should be able to modify this for future assignments to create generic secutiy groups. You can run it like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once you have the scripts repo you next have to create a security group. Security groups are used by amazon to add firewall rules to your instance and control what traffic can access your instance. We provide a script [create_public_access_group.sh](https://github.com/gwAdvNet20/gw-adv-net-tools/blob/master/aws/security_groups/create_public_access_group.sh), that will create a security group named `add-public-access` , attach it to your instance and then add a rule to allow pings to reach your instance. You should be able to modify this for future assignments to create generic security groups. You can run it like so:
```
